README.md, before:

# taiga-pixiv-bot

Discord bot to upload pixiv images as attachments.

Designed to just complement [Saucybot](https://github.com/Sn0wCrack/saucybot-discord), so it only reacts to messages with spoilers (as those diable Saucybot's replies). Will spoiler any images from spoilered links, and hides the pixiv embeds from the original message afterwards.

## Setup

1. (Optional, recommended) Create a virtualenv and activate it
2. Copy `config.py.sample` to `config.py` and configure appropriately
3. Install the packages from `requirements.txt`
4. Run `python pixiv_auth.py login` to generate the authentication data (see https://gist.github.com/ZipFile/c9ebedb224406f4f11845ab700124362 for instructions)

```sh
$ cp config.py.sample config.py
$ nano config.py  # in your choice of editor
$ python -m venv venv
$ . venv/bin/activate
(venv) $ pip install -r requirements.txt
(venv) $ python pixiv_auth.py login
```

After this, you can run the bot by executing the main program, `main.py`. Remember to enable the virtualenv if it's not active anytime after the setup.

```sh
$ . venv/bin/activate
(venv) $ python main.py
```

## Development

`requirements-dev.txt` lists more dependencies used for development—such as `mypy` and `black` for typechecking and linting/formatting, as well as type signatures for some libraries.

Commit message:

Add note in README about python version

README.md, after:

# taiga-pixiv-bot

Discord bot to upload pixiv images as attachments.

Designed to just complement [Saucybot](https://github.com/Sn0wCrack/saucybot-discord), so it only reacts to messages with spoilers (as those diable Saucybot's replies). Will spoiler any images from spoilered links, and hides the pixiv embeds from the original message afterwards.

## Setup

**THIS PROGRAM REQUIRES PYTHON 3.10 OR GREATER.**
Some systems' default python version is lower than this. At the time of writing, 3.11 is the latest stable release, but many distros still ship 3.10 or lower. Make sure you're using a sufficiently new Python. You may need to specify `python3` or `python3.10` to use the appropriate version.

1. (Optional, recommended) Create a virtualenv and activate it
2. Copy `config.py.sample` to `config.py` and configure appropriately
3. Install the packages from `requirements.txt`
4. Run `python pixiv_auth.py login` to generate the authentication data (see https://gist.github.com/ZipFile/c9ebedb224406f4f11845ab700124362 for instructions)

```sh
$ cp config.py.sample config.py
$ nano config.py  # in your choice of editor
$ python -m venv venv
$ . venv/bin/activate
(venv) $ pip install -r requirements.txt
(venv) $ python pixiv_auth.py login
```

After this, you can run the bot by executing the main program, `main.py`. Remember to enable the virtualenv if it's not active anytime after the setup.

```sh
$ . venv/bin/activate
(venv) $ python main.py
```

## Development

`requirements-dev.txt` lists more dependencies used for development—such as `mypy` and `black` for typechecking and linting/formatting, as well as type signatures for some libraries.
